add spin-kv-ts example (#184)
fermyon/spin-js-sdk: examples/typescript/spin_kv/README.md

> ## Spin KV example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Key-value storage example
```

> This is a simple example showcasing using Spin key-value with spin-js-sdk using typescript.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a simple example showcasing using Spin key-value storage with TypeScript.
```

###  Building and Running

To build the app run the following commands:

```bash
$ npm install
$ spin build --up
```

> The application can now receive requests on http://localhost:3000:

Reviewer: What sort of requests - looks like key is in the URL and POST with body to set, GET to read, DELETE to delete?  PUT?

Author: There is no put request, the mapping between the request method and KV operation is as follows: 

GET -> kv.get(request.url)
POST -> kv.set(request.uri, body)
HEAD -> kv.exists(request.uri)
DELETE -> kv.delete(request.uri)

Author: Follows the same structure as https://github.com/fermyon/spin/blob/main/examples/rust-key-value/src/lib.rs

Reviewer: It would be great to have that info in the README though (where readers of the sample will see it) rather than in a GH comment... _grin_
